# Overview

This repository contains data and scripts for reproducing the results accompanying the manuscript

### Estimating linkage disequilibrium and selection from allele frequency trajectories
Yunxiao Li<sup>1,</sup> and John P. Barton<sup>1,2,#</sup>

<sup>1</sup> Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of California, Riverside, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.

<sup>2</sup> Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.

<sup>#</sup> correspondence to 830 Murdoch Building, 3420 Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA. Email: [jpbarton@pitt.edu](mailto:jpbarton@pitt.edu)

# Contents

Scripts for generating and analyzing the simulation data can be found in the `simulation-analysis.ipynb` notebook, and references therein. Before generating files for batch jobs, please create an empty folder named `jobs` under the root directory. Scripts for generating figures contained in the manuscript are located in the `figures.ipynb` notebook.

Due to the large size and number of some files generated by simulations, some data has been stored in a compressed format using Zenodo. To access the full set of data, navigate to the [Zenodo record](https://zenodo.org/record/7072019). Then download and extract the contents of the archive `data.zip` as the folder `/data`.

# License

This repository is dual licensed as [GPL-3.0](LICENSE-GPL) (source code) and [CC0 1.0](LICENSE-CC0) (figures, documentation, and our presentation of the data).
